Help Center
HomepageFAQ
Categories
Coupon & Promotion
Account Management
Product Selection
Ordering & Payment
Awaiting Order Arrival
Aftersales
Refund
Feedback
Rules & Policies
Communication
Other
Categories /Rules & Policies/AliExpress.com Rules/AliExpress.com Privacy Policy
AliExpress.com Privacy Policy
AliExpress.com Privacy Policy

(Effective as of September 9, 2020)

Table of Contents

A.COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.

· Information That You Provide to Us

· Information That We Collect Automatically

· Information That We Receive From Third Parties

B.USE OF PERSONAL DATA.

C.DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA.

D.RETENTION

E.RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA.

F.COOKIES.

G.MINORS.

H.SECURITY MEASURES

I.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

J.VISITORS FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION

· Legal Basis for Data Processing.

· International Transfers of personal information.

· Your Rights.

K.Privacy Representative in South Korea

L.Language

M.HOW TO CONTACT US.


We at Alibaba (“we”, or “us”) recognize the importance of privacy and confidentiality of personal information.

AliExpress.com (“AliExpress” or, the “Platform”) is a business to consumer (or “B2C”) platform which connects and facilitates sales and purchases between business sellers (or “Sellers”) and consumer buyers (or “Buyers”).

This Privacy Policy sets out the ways in which we collect, use and disclose information in connection with the operation of the Platform, including personal information about you, Platform users, visitors and representatives. This Privacy Policy also applies to use of the Platform via your mobile device. Other Alibaba services are governed by separate Privacy Policies, please refer to the applicable Privacy Policy to those services.

If you are a registered member of the Platform, and you are from mainland China, you are contracting with Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co., Ltd.

If you are a registered member of the Platform and you are from Hong Kong or Macau, you are contracting with is Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited.

If you are a registered member of the Platform, and either (a) you are from a place outside mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau; or (b) you access and use the Platform from any of the Relevant Jurisdictions, you are contracting with Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Reg. No. 200720572D).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the forgoing provisions in this section, if you are a registered member of AliExpress, and you are resident in or access and use the Platform from any of the Relevant Jurisdictions, your contract is with AliExpress Russia Holding Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Reg. No. 201917627W). “Relevant Jurisdictions” shall mean the Russian Federation, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. In this regard, for users who access or use the Platform from a Relevant Jurisdiction, the Privacy Policy of “www.aliexpress.ru“ and “www.tmall.ru“ shall apply [https://rule.alibaba.com/rule/detail/8221.htm].To the extent that local data protection laws apply, the data controller of your personal information is the same as your contracting entity. For contact details, please see section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below.

A.COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

The personal information that we collect broadly falls into the following categories:

Information That You Provide To Us:

If you are a Buyer, we will ask you to provide:

· contact information including: name; address; phone number; email address;

· purchase and/or payment information including: credit card or similar payment information that you intend to purchase with; billing and delivery address;

· information about your purchases including: the goods purchased and how many;

· information about and/or to support complaints made in connection with the Platform or goods and/or services purchased via the Platform;

· ID (such as a passport) for identification verification in certain circumstances, when you apply for after-sales services.

If you are a Seller (i.e. an employee or representative of a Seller or a sole trader Seller (we’ll refer to you as a Seller)), we will ask you to provide:

·information about the Seller’s business (if applicable) including corporate registration, business licences (if applicable), tax or similar information;

·details about the goods and products that the Seller intends to sell via the Platform;

·purchase and/or payment information including bank account or other payment information that the Seller intends to be paid by.

If you attend one of our industry events or other functions, contact details such as user name, address, phone number, fax number and email address.

If you are a certified blogger / influencer for AliExpress, we may also ask you to provide us with your contact information and social media accounts / blog information.

If you choose to provide us with any additional information, such as in response to questionnaires for market research / analytics. This may include marital status, nationality, gender, date and/or year of birth, annual income, monthly spending and user preferences. If you prefer not to provide such information, the use of our services and products will not be affected.

Information That We Collect Automatically:

If you are a Buyer or Seller or prospective Buyer or Seller we will automatically collect:

· A copy of any correspondence with us, including any verification information we ask for, if you contact us for any reason (such as our customer service department chat service, telephone or email).

· Details of transactions and communications over the Platform, including the types and specifications of the goods sold and purchased, pricing and delivery information, any dispute records, communications between Buyers and Sellers over the Platform and any information disclosed in any discussion forum.

· Details of Platform buying and browsing activities, for these purposes we will automatically collect information from your device. In some jurisdictions, including countries in the European Economic Area and the UK, this information may be considered as personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically this collected information may include IP addresses, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), browsing patterns and details of how you have interacted with our Platform and the goods and services available on it. In addition, we gather information about the Platform and visitors to the Platform, including browser software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions and unique visitors. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the section E “COOKIES” below. Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your prior consent to the collection of information using cookies and similar tracking technologies. We also may derive or collect inferences about you based on your buying and browsing activity information and other information we have collected about you.

If you are successfully certified by AliExpress as a blogger or an influencer, we may also collect your social media account handles and posts / comments made in relation to the Platform.

Information That We Receive From Third Parties:

If you are a Buyer or Seller we may receive personal information about you from:

· Social media platforms if you choose to register for a Platform account via a social media account. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your privacy settings with the applicable platform, but would typically include basic public profile information such as:

· Your social media user name, nickname or username

· Your social media profile picture

· Country

· Company name (if applicable).

· Third parties that are engaged by us to provide verification services,such as conducting suitable money laundering, fraud and “Know Your Customer” checks on Buyers and Sellers. This may include your name, email address, company details and contact information.

B.USE OF PERSONAL DATA

We collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:

· verifying Platform account registrations,including conducting fraud, security, “Know Your Customer” and anti-money laundering checks in order to approve your Seller account;

· verifying your eligibility as a Platform blogger or influencer;

· setting up / administering Buyer and Seller accounts, including providing log-in IDs and setting up payment / transaction accounts;

· providing customer service support, such as responding to your queries, feedback and managing claims and/or disputes;

· providing/supporting general Platform services, facilitating communication between Buyers and Sellers, processing transactions and payments, assessing advance withdrawal requests from Sellers and providing logistics and delivery services;

· supporting Buyer and/or Seller clearance declarations / applications where made via the Platform;

· providing relevant membership benefits,including birthday rewards, membership offers and coupons, anniversary awards, exclusive member prices;

· verifying your identity and purchases in connection with product warranty or other after-sales claims;

· assessing and monitoring account security and transaction risks of Buyers and Sellers, such as detecting and preventing fraud, money laundering and other security incidents;

· sending and serving tailored marketing and advertising that we believe will be of interest to you based on the ways in which you use the Platform, your browsing records, and order history;

· conducting research and analytics to ensure the security of our Platform, to improve the content and layout of the Platform, and to improve our product offerings and services;

·Cookies or other similar technologies may be used to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests (see section E. COOKIES below for more information).

We may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.

C.DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA

We disclose/share personal information with the following categories of recipients:

· Other Platform Buyers and/or Sellers where necessary to support purchases and communications made between you. If you are a Buyer, Sellers that you purchase from will also control personal information about you relevant to or connected with your Platform purchases and communications with them. Please refer to Seller Privacy Policies for information about how they will process your information.

· Third party partners and service providers and/or affiliates engaged by or working with us to assist us in providing services to you or who otherwise process personal information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information. Categories of these partners and service providers include:

· Alibaba group entities and affiliated companies and/or their designated service providers that work with us to provide processing services such as software, tools, systems and messaging services for purposes described in this Privacy Policy;

· our business partners (for example, in order for them to provide you with discounts or offers that may interest Buyers or prospective Buyers) where you have consented to receiving such information from them if required by applicable data protection laws;

· marketing and advertising partners, such as Google, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and VKontakte, and providers of analytics services relating to users’ behaviour, so that they may tailor the content you see when visiting our Platform for analytics and/or advertising purposes. These partners may combine information they collect on our Platform with data on their platforms and data they collect from other websites or through other sources in order to conduct targeted advertising. The processing activities of these third party marketing platforms are governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy (please refer to section E “COOKIES” below);

· payment service providers that provide payment processing services. The activities of payment service providers may be governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;

·credit risk assessment providers to conduct risk assessment on Sellers to determine whether a Seller can be permitted to make an advance withdrawal;

·logistics partners for providing delivery services for Buyers and Sellers, including return and exchange of products, and warehousing services for Sellers;

·customs agents for customs clearances purposes, where applicable to support Buyers and Sellers with international sales/purchases;

·cloud computing or other hosting service providers to provide cloud storage services;

·warranty service providers to provide product warranty services where requested by a Buyer or Seller;

·customer service support providers to provide after-sale services or other customer service support;

·risk control service providers to assess the security of Buyer and Seller accounts and transaction risks; and

·third party rating / reviewing service providers to carry out reviews of our services with customers if you choose to participate in reviewing or rating Platform products and/or services;

·To our professional advisers, law enforcement agencies, insurers, government and regulatory and other organisations where we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights or protect your vital interests or those of any other person; or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws.

·To an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

·To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.

We have established relationships with other parties and websites to offer you the benefit of products and services which we do not offer. We offer you access to these other parties and their websites either through the use of hyperlinks to these sites from our Platform or through offering “co-branded” sites in which both we and other parties share the same uniform resource locator (URL), domain name or pages within a domain name on the Internet. In some cases you may be required to submit personal information to register or apply for products or services provided by such third parties or co-branded partners. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these third party sites or co-branded sites. The privacy policies of those other parties may differ from ours, and we have no control over the information that you submit to those third parties. You should read the relevant privacy policy for those third party sites and co-branded sites before responding to any offers, products or services advertised by those parties.

D.RETENTION

We will retain your personal information for as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, to provide services or products to you, as required or permitted by applicable laws. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it, or if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate itfrom any further processing until deletion is possible. How long your data is kept for will also depend on how you use our website (for example if you are logged in as a member or you are visiting our website as a guest) and what the information you provide to us is used for. For example, if you are a registered member, certain data will be retained for a length of time following termination or deletion of your account, in order to comply with applicable laws or in case of disputes. In other instances, the period of retention may be determined according to your activity on the Platform or to comply with a specific arbitration period/resolve a dispute.

E.RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA

Under applicable laws, you may have rights of access to personal information held by us and other rights. If you are a Visitor from the European Union, please refer to section J. VISITORS FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION below for more information. If you are a Visitor from California, please refer to section K. VISITORS FROM CALIFORNIA below.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or if you wish to access or correct your personal information as a user of AliExpress.com, please click here.

F.COOKIES

This section explains how we use cookies and similar technologies (we refer to them collectively as “cookies”) to recognize you when you visit our Platform. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control them.

What are cookies?

A cookie is a string of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s or mobile device’s hard drive. If you do not de-activate or erase the cookie, each time you use the same browser or device to access the Platform, our web servers will be notified of your visit to the Platform and, in turn, we may have knowledge of your visit and the pattern of your usage.

Cookies set by the site or app owner (in this case, AliExpress) are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by third parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your device both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.

Cookies are also categorized as “session cookies” (which are erased once you close the browser or shut down the device) and “persistent cookies” (which remain even after closing the browser or shutting down the device/application and which are activated each time you visit the Platform). Session cookies use encrypted data to authenticate you. Persistent cookies do not store account numbers or passwords. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies.

Why we use cookies?

We use first and third party cookies for several reasons.

Some cookies are required for technical and/or security reasons in order for our Platform to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. First party cookies are mainly served to enable basic functionality on our Platform; including web analytics cookies that help us understand how users use our web pages and how we can improve their use. For example we use essential or strictly necessary cookies to enable us to remember goods added to your shopping basket and to recognize you when you sign into your account.

We also use social media cookies. You may register for Platform membership and “share” Platform content through social media such as Facebook and Twitter. Sometimes we embed videos from websites like YouTube. These websites have their own privacy policies which govern their use of information, which you can find on the respective websites.

We also use cookies to enable us to track and target the interests of Platform visitors to enhance the experience on our Platform by researching visiting patterns and conducting interest-based advertising; assisting our partners in tracking user visits to the Platforms; and to track progress and participation in promotions and the success of our email marketing campaigns. We use first and third party cookies for these purposes.

Types of cookies

	

Who serves these cookies

	

How to refuse




Essential Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary for enabling access and use of our Platform. They provide necessary functionality to ensure the proper performance, security and functionality of our Platform. These cookies cannot be disabled.

	

aliexpress.com

https://www.aliexpress.com

ali_apache_id,

ali_apache_track,

ali_apache_tracktmp,

xman_f,

xman_t,

xman_us_f,

xman_us_t,

aep_common_f,

aep_history,

aeu_cid,

aep_usuc_f,

intl_locale,

intl_common_forever,

cna,

isg,

l,

acs_usuc_t,

_uab_collina,

_m_h5_tk_enc,

_m_h5_tk,

XSRF-TOKEN,

JSESSIONID,

	

Essential cookies cannot be disabled




Analytics Cookies: These cookies collect information in aggregate form to help us determine and understand how users interact with and use our Platform. We use this information to help us to improve and optimize our Platform and its security.

	

aliexpress.com

https://www.aliexpress.com

_ga,

_gat,

_utma,

_utmb,

_utmc,

_utmt,

_utmz

Google Analytics (please see below for further information)

·https://policies.google.com/

privacy

·https://developers.google.com/

analytics/devguides/collection/

analyticsjs/cookie-usage

	

To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"




Personalization / Advertising Cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.

	

aliexpress.com https://www.aliexpress.com

Facebook http://www.facebook.com

Twitter http://www.twitter.com

Google http://www.google.com

	

To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"




Marketing Cookies. Marketing cookies help us to ensure that provide you with more targeted and relevant marketing. We will also use marketing cookies to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing communications by monitoring open rate and conversions.

	

Aliexpress.com https://www.aliexpress.com

Google https://www.google.com

Facebook https://www.facebook.com

	

To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"




Social Networking Cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Platform through third party social networking and other websites.These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.

	

Aliexpress.com https://www.aliexpress.com

Facebook http://www.facebook.com

Twitter http://www.twitter.com

VK https://vk.com

OK https://ok.ru

Pinterest https://www.pinterest.com

Instagram https://www.instagram.com

	

To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"

What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?

Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to our Platform. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Platform or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Platform to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Platform from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.

How can I control cookies?

You can determine if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring the privacy setting of the browser you are using to access the Platform or the “privacy setting” of your device. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information. If you adjust the privacy setting in the browser, your mobile device will continue collecting data unless you adjust the privacy setting of the device, and vice versa.

You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. If you choose to set your web browser controls to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.

In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.

Certain features of the Platform depend on cookies. Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies may be lost.

Google Analytics (More information) Our Platform uses Google Analytics, an internet analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google’s cookies allow us analyze use of the Platform by telling us which pages our users are viewing, which ones are most popular, what time of day our Platform are visited, if users have previously visited our Platform, from which website users are redirected to our Platform were and the like. The data generated by the cookie about your use of the Platform will be transmitted to Google and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

The Platform uses an anonymization tool of IP addresses so that the IP addresses are truncated within the territory of the Member States of the European Union and the other members of the agreement on the European Economic Area. In some cases, non-truncated IP address may be transmitted to Google’s servers in the US and then truncated there.

Google uses the data on behalf of AliExpress to evaluate your use of the Platform, to compile reports on website activity for the website operators and for other website activity and internet usage services. Google may disclose this information to third parties under the terms of the law or for further processing by third parties on behalf of Google. For more information about Google Analytics cookies, visit: the Google Help pages and Privacy Policy: Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; and the Google Analytics Help Centre: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.

Through your browser settings, you can block cookies; however, this can lead to problems with the use of some functionalities of the website. Through the add-on “Google Analytics Opt-out” you can through your current web browser opt-out to the use of Google Analytics from then on: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

More information can be found here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.

G.MINORS

The Platform is intended for adults and users must be over 18 to use our Platform. We do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors, as defined by applicable law. If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact DataProtection.AE@aliexpress.com to remove the information.

H.SECURITY MEASURES

We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent unauthorized access to the Site, to maintain data accuracy and to ensure the correct use of the information we hold. Upon becoming aware of a data breach, we will notify you and the regulatory authorities in accordance with the timescales and scope required by applicable data protection law.

For registered users of the Site, some of your information can be viewed and edited through your account, which is protected by a password. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. We have instructed our personnel to never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. If you share a computer with others, you should not choose to save your log-in information (e.g., user ID and password) on that shared computer. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your session.

No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the information we hold for you, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit over the internet.

I.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments.

When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make and as required by applicable law, such as by posting an amended Privacy Policy on the Platform.

J.VISITORS FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION

This section applies if you are based in the European Economic Area (which for the purposes of this Privacy Policy shall include the UK in the event of the UK’s departure from the European Union) (“EEA”). The data controller of your personal information is Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Reg. No. 200720572D). Your personal data will be stored in Germany. For contact details, please see section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Please also note, if you are a Buyer, Sellers will also act as a data controller of personal information about and your Platform purchases and communications with them. Please refer to the Privacy Policies of those Sellers for more information about the ways in which they will process such information.

Legal Basis for Data Processing

We process personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Our legal basis to process for processing your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it but will include where it is:

· necessary for the performance of contract between you and Alibaba.com Singapore E-CommercePrivate Limited (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Platform);

· necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement);

· necessary for our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; and/or where it is based on your consent.

If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our Platform and services, manage our relationship with you and communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our Platform and our services, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of ensuring the security of our Platform and services and detecting or preventing illegal activities such as fraud. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.

If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to enter into a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). In some instances, you may be required to provide us with personal information for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our Platform.

If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below.

International Transfers of personal information

In connection with providing the services through our Platform, we will transfer your personal information to countries outside of the EEA (including to the United States, Russia and China). We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your personal information are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement appropriate measures to ensure your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contact us using the contact details provided under section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below.

Your Rights

If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights, which you can exercise at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below:

· The right to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information.

· The right to object to processing of your personal information when it is based on our legitimate interests.

· The right to ask us, in some situations, to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.

· The right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below.

· If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent

· The right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.

We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected.

K.VISITORS FROM CALIFORNIA

This section supplements the description of our information collection and sharing practices elsewhere in this Policy to provide certain disclosures to California residents whose personal information we process pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Please note that these disclosures do not apply to information that is not processed under the CCPA.

During the preceding 12 months, we have collected, used, and/or disclosed the categories of personal information described in Section A of our Privacy Policy. For example, depending on the services you use, this may include your identifiers (e.g., IP addresses and email addresses), commercial information, and internet or other electronic network activity information. This may also include inferences we draw from the other information we collect.

We share personal information in the ways described in our Privacy Policy, including by allowing third parties that provide us analytics and advertising services to collect information through cookies and other similar technologies. We do not treat this as a sale of personal information for purposes of state law, although you do have the choices that we describe to you in this Privacy Policy.

You have the right to request that we disclose information about our collection and use of personal information and to request access to your personal information. You also have the right to request that we delete personal information in certain circumstances. We will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information or otherwise permitted by law.

To exercise your rights, you or your authorized agent may contact us using the contact details provided under section M. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity, including by asking you to verify information about your use of the Platform.

L.Privacy Representative in South Korea

Information of local privacy representative in accordance with Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc. is as follows.

Name: Hyung Kwon Chung

Address: 14/F Gangnam Finance Center, 152 Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea 06236

Phone number: (02) 2193-4228

Email: koreaprivacyrep@aliexpress.com

M.Language

If there is any conflict between the English version and another language version of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail.

N.HOW TO CONTACT US

For data subject rights, please click here.

Contact information of the Data Protection Officer: DataProtection.AE@aliexpress.com.

Is this helpful for you?
YesNo